Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. It's official. How are you
Laura Lujan: Messed up
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you tucked in a closet.
No.
Laura Lujan: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you reasonably feel like you can comfortably.
Laura Lujan: Yeah yeah yeah I'm I've been talking to them about so i'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: Sick.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, my buddy, what
Fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm gonna open up a note. So the be a little quiet but you can tell me how you been doing, if you want to. Otherwise, we'll just sit quiet for just a minute when I
Laura Lujan: I I'm
Laura Lujan: Ridiculous like she's beyond a reasonable doubt be ridiculous. Like seriously, she is
Laura Lujan: What she's
Laura Lujan: Trying
Laura Lujan: To pick it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear a story of how ridiculous. She is
Laura Lujan: Okay, so, like, I don't know. She just like so. I was at my house.
Laura Lujan: And it was like 830 and I had just talked to my name is Kim and I told them. Okay, I'm going to be on like I made a good article you know
Laura Lujan: Then 10 minutes go by and
Laura Lujan: I'll say it again, totally different column and as all so you're not coming home title like
Laura Lujan: And then you can increase in the background all. Well, I mean, I mean it's just what am i mean you know we just can't be up. Has your
Laura Lujan: turn around time and if not, I just don't want it. Hi, my room open passion about on my first of all, I said, that's me. As you will then like I have a tooth out so you guys can go to bed. I can see now.
Laura Lujan: First of all, second of all, I said like, I'm not trying to be a burden in her life. So there's people like I just told you, like I just told me like my dad.
Laura Lujan: Got all drunk or whatever but technically that's why tree. So, you know, like, but the thing is like she made my Dad. Come at me again like 10 minutes later and totally different, you know,
Laura Lujan: Persona because of her like it wasn't like I just talked about that but ever and I will find that all of a sudden when I call me totally maintain dog, so you don't have to come home, you know, I'm like, whoa, what you think it was in the background. I'm like, Okay. Okay, now I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So, and do you have the perspective, like you get it. How, how good could the dynamics be between your dad and your stepmom I mean really, how good could they be think about
Laura Lujan: It at all whatsoever.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can't be good. So this is not about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not about you. This is about their dynamic
Gwenevere Abriel: And how pleasant. It is to triangulate as you as the bad guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you're not the bad guy.
Laura Lujan: Yeah. And the thing is, like, like even told me she's like all one you will excuse was, well, I'm just worried about, like, what, what does it feel coming over and you're not here. I'm like, Okay.
Laura Lujan: Then you tell him right where I am. And like we should we go from there. And then, you know, I come home, like I'm not a house arrest.
Laura Lujan: Like, like if I was on house arrest. That'd be differently. I'm allowed to go, I just have to live there, like, yes, like, like, you know, like the machine was making it seem like I was under house arrest that I could not be watched.
Laura Lujan: And I'm like, that's not the case, like I talked to me about. I asked him specifically and, you know, just thinking I, even I even asked him, I said, hey, like, I'm not gonna lie, like, be like, yeah, that
Laura Lujan: You'd like to use all that's, that's fine. I'll keep you from the night still make a routine of it. So let's not
Laura Lujan: You know, but the thing is, and I'm not trying to disrespect going to bed early or you know what I mean. Wise. I mean, my dad decided on online 30 and if it's getting later than I thought it was interesting that like at that point.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you talking really fast and I missing some of it.
So,
Laura Lujan: Basically the point in that truth, it was trying to say, like, I could not go through. I couldn't go anywhere past like I guess eight
Laura Lujan: In case my appeal comes over, or whatever. But what she's not understanding is like my appeal is like, like, like, yeah, I'm supposed to close a loser. Yes, but like
Laura Lujan: Being out past eight doesn't mean I don't live like
Laura Lujan: You know what I mean.
Laura Lujan: I don't know where her like
Laura Lujan: Guideline was, I guess I know because I was like her like she would get mad if it was like 730 and beyond. But me might not agree on 930
Laura Lujan: But like she gets so if I'm not home like at a reasonable time global and takes it to like this person over like account on white respect actually think I'm disrespecting her at that point, which isn't the case. But like, I'm not gonna like deny that like
Laura Lujan: I don't want to be like, you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, let's hold on, let's not go any further.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just stay right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to be there. I don't want to care boyfriend doesn't want you there. She probably wants you there.
Laura Lujan: You're born
Laura Lujan: Oh my goodness. Like he actually said that maybe she did like maybe she doesn't want you there. Like, like, just like secretly she might like have like a weird, I guess, jealousy thing with me kind of
Laura Lujan: Okay, I could, I could see that too because you know with the whole money thing too, because if I'm in the picture that's less money she gets in there and I'm not trying to like about it but that's how it is.
Laura Lujan: If I'm if I'm then then my dad's not going to lend her a card as easy because I'm going to put up a front. I'm going to be like, hey, maybe, you know, she just got paid. Like why would you be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, can we squeeze go right there and see, see how that benefits you to put up that front right there. How come you do that part. Is it, is there any. Yeah. How can you do that part.
Laura Lujan: Because she
Laura Lujan: She straight a blind room. She's saying oh yeah I only made X amount of money. I know that much to me. You just home.
Laura Lujan: So instead of
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said you are
Gwenevere Abriel: You're feeling for him.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, which is weird. I know it's really hard.
Laura Lujan: I don't do that. But I do that financially, because I'm sorry, the only person can take my dad's money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Laura Lujan: You know what I mean, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't have any judgment about any of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the only thing I'm thinking about is whether that's adaptive
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether it's working. That's the only I always read just from, like, is it working for my client.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is it not working for my client if it's working. Okay. It's not illegal. It's not hurting life and limb then okay we'll carry on. But so I want to see if it's really as adaptive if you if you are playing
Gwenevere Abriel: Any kind of game and the game is a. It could be a lot of different things. Some games people play. Are they do.
Gwenevere Abriel: A power struggle game.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if this is one where you're struggling with her on who has the most power with Dad, this could be tricky.
Gwenevere Abriel: If she picks up on that and doesn't feel powerful she might try to
Gwenevere Abriel: push you down.
Laura Lujan: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want that. And it could be if you're really honest with yourself. You just did it. You said, I want to be the one that's
Using my dad's money.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it could be that you two are in some kind of struggle and neither one of you are kind of aware of it. So if you at least can see that you're in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to you're going to be able to have some movement in there, you're going to have some freedom if you know you're in a power struggle with someone
Or
Laura Lujan: It's been faking the whole thing has been live from the beginning. And that's the thing that I don't like, because I was
Laura Lujan: You know, my mom told me. Don't ever like two o'clock, and then you got Teresa and my dad who have this point, I was like five years ago, I just called the cops from my mom. Okay, so my mom was not in my life I'm
Laura Lujan: A CALL THE COPS ON MY MOM IN 2015
Laura Lujan: was five years ago. Okay. And like I said she, she had. I guess I'm using the quote unquote
Laura Lujan: But I didn't. I wasn't going to call the cops on him. I told Teresa will happen and Teresa said will remain in the costume right now.
Laura Lujan: You know, we're going to go meet pop it out of it. Okay. Well, I guess, and we are like I just kind of let it happen. I didn't deny, but like it wasn't my idea to call it.
Laura Lujan: I call my dad and my dad will happen. My dad called tree seven and choose to call me like, hey, we're going to call the cops and I'm like okay I guess we are like, okay, like, you know, anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: The topic is I don't like lies.
Laura Lujan: Right, so I'm going to go with this embarrass me so um they started that whole and. Okay, so then you got Teresa telling the cop like Lauren
Laura Lujan: Lauren can be in a zebra environment and be home with me. My fiance. They were not in a hurry and she told the cop right there and then we you know we were talking about my mom and how she views me whatever and she's telling the confidence that they weren't he will make
Laura Lujan: And then the copies and I'm like yo, with that. And she's like, well, we got to do that for like, you know, in case for legal reasons. And I was like, so you're lying for legal reasons. But you guys are living two separate better rather than as
Laura Lujan: Well, my dad was all for it. My dad was like, hell yeah I mean I got a chance, sweet, like, yeah, like let's get engaged, but I would like us alive. Like, why
Laura Lujan: So like, at that point, I felt like I lost my whole battle because then I was different. I was, I was a dependent, but I was awful alive at that point because she made me laugh because she said that thing ready and I, they weren't but I got asked that question. I had to say yes.
To
Gwenevere Abriel: You are forced to lie.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, and it was like, well, what, like what am I gonna say no, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you know what the truth, could have been, it would have been
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I see how I heard that they are engaged. That is true. I heard
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We could have
Gwenevere Abriel: A little game with that one so that you couldn't maintain that sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: That sense of defiance.
Laura Lujan: What God dude like I never had to do that before and I was great. And the thing is, that was a meeting and salami was the state of New Mexico.
Laura Lujan: And I would, and I had to be there for the hearing. Because of that, I got subpoenaed the court, and I asked a question and I worked for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So good. So let's back up a little bit. Let's back up to
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's
Laura Lujan: That history right
Gwenevere Abriel: Also I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Your every day. You've got to live with something every day. And that's the part you started with today. It was about. There's this thing that's happening ongoing with
Gwenevere Abriel: Teresa. Okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I say, is your approach is it getting you what you want.
Laura Lujan: Um,
Laura Lujan: I don't want anything from it but
Gwenevere Abriel: Man, it
Laura Lujan: Oh yeah, I guess you're right. I do all my dad to not get robbed by her looks like blind and yeah it is.
Laura Lujan: It is
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you get, is it that you get
Laura Lujan: How could I
Laura Lujan: Not going to get money. I don't get money out of it now because my dad died. My mom would like my dad would give me money. Regardless, like, and it's not that I would get more money if she doesn't get money or whatever.
Laura Lujan: But I just don't want my data between was like like he's letting him to be treated like a goal. And the thing in my dad and I'll call my natural like my dad, my dad's
Laura Lujan: A lot of things, but he's not a full like he doesn't like you can't do that. Like he he does work. He is about, you know, even though you know thought he does work. He works with the corrals like you know
Laura Lujan: And like that alone says a lot for my dad and I don't know if that might not ever but I defend him against her a lot
Laura Lujan: Weird, I guess maybe because I feel like she doing what he's doing in reverse, with a little bit
Laura Lujan: Always the hard liquor.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do we ignore his other failures. How do we ignore the abuse his behavior. How did, how did, how do you
Laura Lujan: Decide I like turn it off like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Laura Lujan: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Laura Lujan: Couldn't tell you I
Laura Lujan: Have to do with like my mom did that you know my, my mom's a gold digger like my mom so that like Teresa, then at that point is, like, in my mind, nobody to my mom and I don't like my mom. Don't get like my, my mom is a gold digger she
Laura Lujan: And I don't live by that, like, I just don't like I don't like it. I don't like guys
Laura Lujan: Or girls who died for money. I don't like it takes me. I want a whole nother level of, like, you know, just I don't know and like Teresa's a good person.
Laura Lujan: Until you know it comes to the whole she does a thing where she talks about herself so much like she's always like, Oh my God, for me, I'm paying oh my god like
Laura Lujan: And it's like if you hear her talk with environment. If you automatically know that she's ability to like she's just like automatically like all for me. Oh my god, I'm in pain on she volunteers, a lot of information. You don't even know about.
Laura Lujan: Right off the bat, and you know, I, for the most part, I respect her for that you know whatever fill out. It's not that bad left by the least in my book and rules will believe spot and category or whatever.
Laura Lujan: Teresa hasn't hit me. She hasn't a beautiful she hasn't crossed that line doesn't mean that my mom and my dad up
Laura Lujan: Okay, what she what she has taken what was mine. I guess I'm trying to get that kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Cake.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she take my
Money.
Laura Lujan: Okay, she took my dad's money 10 point to where like
Laura Lujan: She like I guess I was younger, I was probably like 1314 and I was promised by my dad or whatever that you're going to get me to call it or whatever. Well, she started dating Teresa.
Laura Lujan: And he ended up giving the card or whatever. And again, as I kind of, I guess, fuck with me on a whole nother level that I can't explain because like, It's messed up that I would even use that. I'm like, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you don't have. It's okay. I don't find it.
Laura Lujan: It's okay, fine, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know that part makes perfect sense. You don't ever have to explain it to me. They'll be work that you and I do a little later. We'll do some deeper work out. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't you don't have to make an excuse for that. That'll make Yeah, don't worry about that part. I'm not judging you. None of that stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're not. You're not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but remember, what I'm doing is I'm focusing on just current day stuff.
Laura Lujan: I'm trying. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, trying to say let's let's be really honest, not about the fact that, how am I even having this relationship at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: I already know that you're doing it for the survival reason we can get to the underlying stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: On another day, but just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just this part right here which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it working.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the reason why I'm saying is it working is because if you keep it up and we don't call a spade a spade, meaning you're trippin. You're trying to have more power than Teresa, it might backfire.
Laura Lujan: Please, please.
Laura Lujan: Please continue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if it backfires she could. She has, she's not troubled by lying, whereas you are bothered by lying, she'll be okay now people when I'm around people that are able to like easily and freely.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm scared because they can just lie.
Laura Lujan: And yeah, it could
Laura Lujan: Oh, I know. Yeah, and that
Laura Lujan: Mid planes. Nurse.
Because you're playing
Gwenevere Abriel: You're playing
Laura Lujan: Yes he does that a lot. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're playing with fire.
Laura Lujan: A couple of times.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you say
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I am. I'm, I'm trying to
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep my power with my dad, which means
Gwenevere Abriel: Money. He's only got this basically this one thing he's not a good man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Not a good man, but he does have money he's got the end by fucking god he's going to give you that damn money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. See
Laura Lujan: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. So I remember
Laura Lujan: My mom and me. I swear, is my mom. I mean, but you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know it. No, no, no, no, no, no, this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not Gold Digger that's not in there. Come back to me come back to the way I just
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, felt true like you can at least do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Laura Lujan: Well, I mean, it's more or less like, Well, you're gonna you know you can do everything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't understand what you just said. But let's stay here for a second. Stay right here with whether it's working. You could win, but you might end up going back into jail or a longer session longer probation or they might
Gwenevere Abriel: Something really negative might happen because she
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know her story, but she may not want to give up the power. She has, she's willing to say that she's engaged to someone. I mean, I don't know what she's capable of. But you're playing with fire.
Laura Lujan: Ya know,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you and I can keep it real, you'll have an outlet, you'll be able to say what you want in here with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Laura Lujan: Not to play with the fire.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you can let it out. You can say weapon.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm not gonna have any judgment about it. We can lay it out raw. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, um, when it comes to how you navigate this game.
Gwenevere Abriel: How right how to get this little piece of resource that your dad has which is money.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you mess with Teresa.
Gwenevere Abriel: She might really mess with your freedom.
Laura Lujan: I'm glad about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How can it, is it worth it to, let's just be honest is
Laura Lujan: Anything is kind of like actually told me that that was a thing to think about because she was lucky, but
Laura Lujan: Like I told you earlier he mentioned that maybe she doesn't want you and your dad or whatever. And I was like, I don't think she does. And then he was like, no, she probably trying to be locked up again.
Laura Lujan: Like, and I was like, that's a good by. Why would that allow us to do that. And then he's like, I wouldn't do that. Like what, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would happen if, and I don't know if this is true, because I'm just getting to know your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your data. If it turns out that your boyfriend it Kyle is his name. Yeah.
If
Gwenevere Abriel: If Kyle's hypothesis is true. And I'm kind of thinking the same thing. Kyle is I'm going to be honest with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If, if the hypothesis is true that she's looking for ways to and she may not be willing to do it like she dabbles in it, just a little like
Gwenevere Abriel: She's testing it out. Well, you got to be home by this time she's watching and she's saying, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder how dad will respond so she dabbles in it a little bit just to see how much leverage. She has she did it around the curfew.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's not accurate. There's not as much leverage as she thought, you actually have a lot of rapport with your PO, which is on here, right, which removes leverage for Teresa.
Gwenevere Abriel: You also don't have to be there 24 seven. You just sleep over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You live there. You eat there you hold your clothes there. You spend a big chunk of time there but you live there doesn't. I mean, I don't know what's in writing on what you have to do. I don't know if you actually have a curfew.
Laura Lujan: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Laura Lujan: So, I mean, I'm not going to be disrespectful. I guess I'm not gonna be different for
Laura Lujan: My dad, but anyway.
Laura Lujan: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just stay there, it would probably be nice for her to control you. If you had a curfew. Boy, that would be convenient. Why then, she could leverage that. And she could get you to do what she wants you to, but there isn't one.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't, you can't rub that in our face can't do that because that is going to piss her off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So if you want to play the game you want to play because we're playing we're playing one anyway. The fact that you're living in this House to begin with is already a game. It's already started. I will live with you, unhealthy, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: And here's the exchange, you're going to pay for some things
Gwenevere Abriel: But then you're, you're going to see it in your life constantly kind of what you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the game.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to play it by your rules.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then don't let don't let this Teresa make the rules up you make them up. You get to set how this goes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, you all, if he if the hypothesis what Kyle is saying is true and don't mess with her and you're nice. Then you use the skill of sticky sweet you use that one that I saw in the car, what you're capable of because
Gwenevere Abriel: Your best fans. We talked to each other. We're still open. I saw it.
Laura Lujan: Don't move. Lovely. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura. You're not a liar. You're not a liar. You're surviving
Laura Lujan: Trying to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but that's not the same thing I want you out of there as soon as possible. So I hope you stay open to other opportunities if it turns out this PO turns out to be an ally and if months from now, or maybe sooner we can shift the residents. I would love him.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think it's you doing doing any good to be staying there but this
Laura Lujan: Guy. We can't just the residence. I actually asked him about that.
Laura Lujan: He said that after my after my musical that I could submit another form of like residency and I get it moved back to my, to my house. So that's a good thing because like I said, I don't want to be there. Like, it's just, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I did. So what I didn't hear is, you said something, something, something, something I can apply for a change in residence. What was the something
Laura Lujan: After, after my op is complete.
Laura Lujan: So I have to complete I op in order to then I can go back and with my appeal and be like, hey, I want to do my residence, but I have to submit it. It has to be filed for my there's a whole
Gwenevere Abriel: So how long is is the IoT
Laura Lujan: Um, it's a 12 week program. But the problem is, I GOT PULLED OUT OF IT, BECAUSE THE FEDS don't like the Google zoom
Laura Lujan: Crap. They don't like it. They're like, No, we paid for evolution group we pay for her to go to evolution group. So we're not going to fund it. So right now I'm in this thinking for Change Program. It was called instead of IP, which is kind of stuff, but at least
Gwenevere Abriel: For it.
Laura Lujan: Yeah yeah it's it's talking for change. You know, I stopped and thought
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, there could be
Laura Lujan: That could be hamamoto like you know I'm a foreigner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so 12 weeks, can you can you can you play this game. If you knew that you are the one that we're setting the rules on how this that you're not a victim of it, you're setting the rules.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you do it for 12 weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Laura Lujan: I can, I can keep my goal in that, you know, not say that it helps me look one room like, you know, instead of being instead of being the enemy and causing you know her backlash, like you said, Yeah.
Laura Lujan: So I can see that happening. If I start like you know what i mean i
Laura Lujan: Told you that right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So once you to pretend that I'm Theresa. Let's do a little role play and or to really tease out, find out if she her real bedtime.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it really is about you coming in the room and getting into bed and going to sleep. This disruptive. How would you really find out what the actual time is where she's starting to feel disrespected, how would you, how would you talk to me to try and
Laura Lujan: I that's why I live every does always cut them why I did the whole I played that game.
Laura Lujan: Right within a room for like a week. The last week I spent every night with her in her bedroom and I ended my Google my
Laura Lujan: My probation officer, call me.
Laura Lujan: And like I was like oh yeah machines are like, you know, I made it to where she was a part of, like, you know, yes, I will say poetry. So I played that you know i mean
Laura Lujan: I did that, I was like, oh my god, I'm so glad that treated home with me. However, although you know what I mean. I did on my results right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Laura Lujan: And so that's what
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think, be just take a second try and figure out why does she care.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you are out and not in bed. Why would she care.
Laura Lujan: Like totally. I'm like, totally like not seeing. It's just like, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see it either.
Laura Lujan: Know, she hates Kyle Okay. I don't know why I just know she's jealous of style to it.
Laura Lujan: I got something to know mentally because she told clown. Okay. So at one point I was I fall asleep right and Kyle and I told her that kind of pull over and Kyle was
Laura Lujan: Called me on my phone. It was me. But there's one, two horse next to it. And I told her that he was coming over. Well, I fell asleep and my phone was ringing and she didn't let me answer it.
Laura Lujan: And then I woke up that morning column, like, Hey, you know, I was there all night.
Laura Lujan: She and I was like what my phone and ring and he got called it and she got, oh yeah, by the way, I didn't know. I didn't know him. Oh no, I didn't know
Laura Lujan: For know like how long ago. She was just, just leave it to 100 servers. It's not like that was a total cop out like
Laura Lujan: What was that like news kind of online. You want me to go with it. And then like whenever we went to the store for her.
Laura Lujan: She was like it, you got it only going to be got 15 minutes. Right. And I was like, yeah. Well, many minutes. Well, it took us a little bit longer, you know, whatever.
Laura Lujan: All we did was go to audition for like an hour and she blowing up my phone, you'd like. I like 20 minutes calls. And she was like, oh my god, I was so worried like, I'm like, whoa, like what
Laura Lujan: Why does it matter we were going like you, I told you where we were going. What's the big deal and then she'd all time. How will
Laura Lujan: You go, don't, don't just sit in your truck like come inside and like be apart, you know, again, down and don't don't seem to track like Okay, tell us what to do, like, what are you like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Laura Lujan: Well, let me
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah, let me check on something.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right, all I've heard, and I don't know yet because you're going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Fill in the blank. Some people in and of themselves just really like to control this just feels good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that show up anywhere else where just
Laura Lujan: Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where else does it show up.
Laura Lujan: My dad a lot
Laura Lujan: And like, and like I said like she'd always like, I'm
Laura Lujan: Like whatever I would tell her that I was going to college or whatever I if I don't tell her like
Laura Lujan: Directly that I'm not coming back and I just because my thing is I feel like after report to me.
Laura Lujan: Okay, so if I'm going to be gone. I told my dad. Hey, I'm going to how they can get whatever and sometimes I tell her if she's not busy, but if she's on the phone. I'm not going to bother telling you
Gwenevere Abriel: An idea. I just
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't mean it's the right idea. But if you let go of the fact that maybe you don't like that she's controlling. Watch this.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I said, you know what I'm going to play it. I'm going to get ahead of this and I'm going to do a group chat.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to do a group text and every single time. My dad and Theresa will be on the same text and I'm going to say, hey, I'll be home at 8pm I'll let you guys know if I'll be a little late. Is that OK with you guys. Any concerns because now there's no splitting. There's no way to pull
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't pull you two apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just communicated the same thing at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think
Laura Lujan: Like that.
Laura Lujan: I didn't think my bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, good, because
Gwenevere Abriel: It's your pride watch if you're playing the power and control game, then you'll be like this angel. Now, bitch. Nothing. Okay, so if it's that which that's her game she set that one up. But if you're ahead of it, you go
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. I got this. You know what, I'm just gonna a message you both the same time guys are both my heroes. You're all powerful, you're so important if you play that like you did by
Gwenevere Abriel: I need her you already know what to do to get through these 12 weeks now, when
Gwenevere Abriel: I sure hope you don't give up on your treatment because we're going to have to undo all that phony time
Laura Lujan: Are well yeah well we did. Yeah, we are.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna have to unravel all of that.
Laura Lujan: But there's some I don't know I don't know I just I just know that he is a problem.
Laura Lujan: Okay, I know and don't let your ego, get in the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't let your ego, get in the way.
Laura Lujan: I see what you're saying.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see what she is. If it's
Laura Lujan: Just really helps you to the call the cops. That's my only worry. I know.
Laura Lujan: I'm so Kyle, Kyle. Yeah.
Laura Lujan: Because she could look my Dad could be drunk. One night, and if she could
Laura Lujan: If she calls the cops on your dad. You're going to go to, like, that's all it takes.
Laura Lujan: To mind I got released to the custody of my dad. My dad gets booked.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he abusing her
Laura Lujan: No, but that was kind of like I was appointed she thought she told me when that she's like wasn't for you. Like I would have wanted to call the cops on me and I'm like dude, I would argue, but but because of
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think she's
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking about the legit. I think
Laura Lujan: You're trying to say, because I think she's trying to say like I like turn, I guess.
Laura Lujan: I don't know. Actually, that was
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because maybe it was assumption. So it's more like maybe that's the heart. It's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he hurting you. Does it do kind of feel safer when I'm here. Like when we're hanging out and you can find out what she's actually talking about
Laura Lujan: Because I know like I know her, but like, here's the thing. I know that like
Laura Lujan: She doesn't take
Laura Lujan: What
Laura Lujan: I know that whenever he does it. It's not like abusive like I'm going to go pound on you. It's like
Laura Lujan: Hey, I'm trying to be friendly with you and I'm going to be a little bit too friendly because we're, you know, asking gauge or because
Laura Lujan: She has like a call center text like I love you. This that every night and she used to respond to every night.
Laura Lujan: And like that conflict with someone's head or whatever they're doing but I'm sorry can't. And that's me. Depending out again because that's
Laura Lujan: Like she's been a mom like she is here. He is a party like I like yeah like he comes to her and makes you feel comfortable or whatever. But she's letting hit like she's inviting you know, to me, a kid and it's popped up the
Gwenevere Abriel: Whole thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: The whole thing is fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't have to go crazy. That's the thing that's where the hands on the hips. This the defiance of
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm stopped up that's fucked up doll.
Laura Lujan: Don't oversell almost yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't have to go crazy for it.
Laura Lujan: I'm not. And that's why, that's why. Like I have. I'm glad that I'm Kyle look if it wasn't for kind of be like a, like, like you're right, like just come up, like you're, you're good. Bring
Laura Lujan: You know what I mean, like he makes me like those, like, you know, it's just, it's more or less like a safe thing to
Laura Lujan: Yeah, it was over there. I just, I see like the pills and and then you got Teresa and we like selling stuff or friends. Now at this point, which is and she's like saying it.
Laura Lujan: Will be no social. Tell me about it and stuff in it. I don't want to know that I'm sorry, I don't care. Like, consider
Laura Lujan: If you're selling you know sponsorship for whole grain that's illegal or whatever. Go ahead. My guess whatever ruin your life. I don't care if it's not my bike, but I don't like I've like she tells me to like get approval for me, like, because I feel like you said, you know,
Laura Lujan: And I think it's one
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to look cool.
Laura Lujan: Kind of, yeah. A little, like, you know what I mean.
Laura Lujan: Like, I think that's what it is. She's trying to be like she's trying to like fit in with me. And to me, that's kind of it kind of disrespect me because I'm like, Well, that wasn't cool what I did like that would mean that any I don't want anything cool
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I was looking at this, this environment that you're in with your dad with Teresa and with you.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I would
Gwenevere Abriel: Want all three getting help, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I wouldn't call it a functional environment. So, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's what happens. Just now you just put normal expectation on Teresa and I wouldn't do that. I would be one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be like this. I'd be like,
Gwenevere Abriel: And now crusey is going to look like this in this room, and now it's going to look like this in this room, and then someone's going to manipulate someone else over there someone else is going to do this.
And I wonder alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I wonder how long this is going to last. I wonder how you won't go crazy. And if you say two years. Well, this is how you do it. Don't expect people to treat each other in a healthy way. You just sort of finally let go the X Men, let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look for it in another place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look for an
Gwenevere Abriel: Employee of yours outside look for it elsewhere because I don't think it's going to happen anytime
Laura Lujan: I do, I do too. I like you know my kind of my role like you really like our own level like that's what the one like gets and I think know my dad does get that. That's why he listens to that. I don't mind but you know i mean that's why my dad does get that he knows
Laura Lujan: My that knows that he the problem to me and to be honest with you, I know it hurts my dad like that. I do I care not really know but like
Laura Lujan: Like I know it hurts my dad would that he drinks like he doesn't like to him, but he didn't leave it all gone.
Laura Lujan: But I just have no respect for him in that period, but I do
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's reflect on a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking
Laura Lujan: A lot of sharing for being over the place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fine. So, but, but take a look at it just sort of rewind the whole session just sort of take a moment, kind of, do some breathing get centered just sort of watch it go go through, you know, I said, okay, you're welcome to share. I'm going to open up a note, I know this is what Teresa's up to
Gwenevere Abriel: And there was this Ness just sort of play it out this little movie strip for yourself in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in tune into what you notice about yourself maybe a thought an experience of some kind that felt a little new
Gwenevere Abriel: It felt a little different for you. See if you can find something that seemed a little different in here today for you, not because I want to hear it. You could even just think it not tell me, what did you notice it was just a little bit different about you today.
Laura Lujan: How I kind of don't like as I like.
Laura Lujan: See my dad is a problem for
Laura Lujan: Me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when
Gwenevere Abriel: You were able to see when I not sort of all of that at him. You could see other things that maybe you're working, not working, you were able to see other dynamics.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Was that useful or not useful.
Laura Lujan: Yes, it was.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a cramp or something, what you got.
Laura Lujan: My nice
Gwenevere Abriel: Little nice. I wish I had those young gays.
Laura Lujan: For one
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh for running for playing for all kinds of fun stuff, you know. Nice. All right. Let me just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to, I'd like to do two things for next week. What
Gwenevere Abriel: I'D LIKE TO HAVE YOU ON ON CALL ON APRIL 28 if that's possible. So
Laura Lujan: I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I owe on
Laura Lujan: And on and on. During the day, you just decided, time to talk to me. Whatever.
Laura Lujan: It is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, actually I can zero in a little bit closer, I would say somewhere between let's say 1010 and what is that 10 and 11
Gwenevere Abriel: On Tuesday, but I don't know if you're already in doing your thinking for change.
Laura Lujan: On that do not. It's only on Wednesday. Oh yeah, we can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm going to have you on call here and now. I also want to do the other thing which is I want to set a time. I'm just
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how about we do this will do two will do to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: On April 30
Laura Lujan: Okay.
Laura Lujan: Or what
Gwenevere Abriel: Individual therapy.
Laura Lujan: Where was the Tuesday. Are you thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoa, whoa, I can't do it on Tuesday, you go to group on that date, nevermind. You know what we got to just stick with this thing right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: April 30 at to 10pm Mountain Standard Time that'll be our next individual therapy. I got it good because that other way, you're in group on Tuesday. So, yeah.
Laura Lujan: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not gonna work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you going to be okay.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, I am. I'm a lot of pain. Oh, well, I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you kind of get what the next move is for you.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, like Conan down, it means you're building a little bit like a lot of it.
Laura Lujan: What is
Laura Lujan: Short know
Gwenevere Abriel: So Laura, there's a short game.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's gonna win those
Laura Lujan: Letter when
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to win a long one.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to get out of there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's win that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ready. You ready to do it. It means you're going to
Gwenevere Abriel: You're right. Teresa. You're right, it means it's going to be the
Gwenevere Abriel: sending those to Toronto. Yeah, but you're in it for the long game and
Laura Lujan: You're right.
Laura Lujan: Because if I play my wireless, you know, long game it's it'll be it'll be the end result will be what I want
Laura Lujan: It will I won't be known little period of like
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura, all bets are off. If he touches you. That's it. Game over. Okay then, then it's the police and let's get you out of there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, or if you decide, game over. And this is making you crazy and then tell people, because I truly do believe if they knew that he was a predator a perpetrator. I don't think they would have any problem with you, changing address
Laura Lujan: They call the cops on him twice.
Laura Lujan: But he works for the core out like me. He got up on a once once like I've my calls when the cops. My whole sit down. I went down and I went like this frickin God wanted to cause
Laura Lujan: A quiet room or something.
Laura Lujan: And they sat me down and I told them everything, and he was able to get it.
Laura Lujan: You really have to get it right.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't. Yeah, he's got some sort of power in that
Report.
Laura Lujan: I mean, he made he makes the cops bathers I came in the badges that the cops you. So again, enjoy. You know, he makes like. That alone tells you a little bit about, you know, the world one moment at a whole, you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Laura Lujan: My dad's amendment, as you know, he's the with like home phone
Laura Lujan: Number, you call it like get help or guidance on a comment that
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Got these 12 weeks to get through. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't poke the bear.
Laura Lujan: I went home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what to do. Just get through these weeks. Let's get that appeal for the new address. Let's just focus there if you need fancy ways of how to communicate. I'm pretty good at that we can roll plan and group. We can do whatever it is you need to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But include her in your communication if she wants power and control.
Laura Lujan: give the illusion or
Gwenevere Abriel: Give her the illusion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give her the
Gwenevere Abriel: Power of
Gwenevere Abriel: Illusions fusion, but you're in charge, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: The rules. Okay.
Laura Lujan: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, my dear. I will see you on Tuesday. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I need to send a message to the doc like is your medicine bridge to today.
Laura Lujan: Oh, yeah, yeah. Show me everybody. Yeah.
Laura Lujan: Okay, here I go. I'm sure blessed. But what might you might disturb laughs
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on, let me let me right. Hold on a second.
Laura Lujan: So wait, I have a question. So God will can isn't an opiate right
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, no, no.
Laura Lujan: So Gavin been working right because
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't know the opiate receptors so it won't help with you not going into a full kick from the opiates, but you can
Laura Lujan: Gather pin work for the for my knee pain.
Laura Lujan: I've been trying time and overdosing on Tylenol. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, I think you really do need to be with the with
Laura Lujan: The doctor just to say, okay, oh yeah yeah
Laura Lujan: I really don't ask her. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but those are great questions, please.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay attended her individual counseling for 2320 she attended out
Gwenevere Abriel: To 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Her next right heart health service.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: To whoops know for 28
Gwenevere Abriel: Or 2827 am group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next time see is
Gwenevere Abriel: For 30
Gwenevere Abriel: To 10. All right, should be good if there's any issues just call bright heart health or log in a virtual clinic. Okay, well,
Laura Lujan: Thank you.
Laura Lujan: You bet. Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye bye.